Python has a batteries included philosophy which means it comes with
a comprehensive library of packages and modules that provide common feature
that we need when building real applications. So in this section
we're going to explore python standard library more specifically you're going to learn
how to work with files and directories SQLite databases
date/time objects, generate random values, send emails and so on.
Now as you go through this section don't worry about memorizing anything just
try to give an idea of what is where and what we can do. We can
always come back to this section and treat it as a reference. For example,
if in the future you want to generate random values you can come back and watch the
corresponding lecture.